---
layout: post
title: Kickball?
created: 1151023320
---

[KickBall](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kickball "Wikipedia | Kickball") season is upon us. Some friends have started a team and I got picked (not last)! It should be a great time. I think we can drink while we play and that only spells debaucherous fun. So, we are still deciding on a name. [Here](http://www.musakickball.com/MUSA%20Minnesota/Division%20Schedules-Minnesota.htm#Monday "Other Teams Names") are the other names for the teams in the league (a lot of Balls references, who would have thought). In most cases, coming up with possible Team Names can be a huge mess. But not this team. Check out the list below of possible names. Hilarious!
The Flutterbums  
Fats Domino  
Nap Time All The Time  
Jim Everett C. Koop  
The Forceful Gentlemen  
Balls Deep  
Excuse My Reach   
Wistful Apocolypse  
The Sherzeys  
The Oh Mys  
Bob Herme's Big Idea  
Nine Ways To Skin A Cat, Nine Ways To Regret It  
The Mystic Tic Tocs  
Whole Foods Dudes  
Nerps  
Ritz Bitz and Triscut Mits  
Coagulated Love Songs  
We Like Ribs  
Grim Fandango  
Stop Acting Like a Baby  
Sweet Nothings  
Behold, My Leg  
Your Wish Is My Command  
The Butter Kings  
The Photo Finnish  
Apple/Control/Reset  
The Anti-Youth Movement  
The Buckle Ups   
The Crankcasters  
The Physical Challenge  
Ed Will Be Ted  
Tony Blair Is Listening  
Gnads With A G  
You Gotta Be Into Betsey  
Dairy Bones  
Don't Hate The Player  
Hate The Game  
The Kicktastics  
Kickles and Bits  
Flat Tony  
The Foot Fetishists  
Horse Taste  
We'll Spot You Four  
Czesc Kickball!  
The Three Game Winning Streak  
You're Crazy Man, I Like You But You're Crazy  
The Palazzolos   
The Fourth Baseman  
The Most Attractive Team You Know It  
How to Learn French  
Cheshire Rats  
The No One Says 'Spouse'  
Oh My God That Man Is Dead  
How to Forget French  
The Freebasers  
Kickle Monsters   
The Political Insiders Drink Tab  
Runaway Spidermonkeys  
The Diduknowz

Remember Altavista?  
The Core Values  
Kicks Are For Kids  
Renal Failure  
Big Base  
Bouncing Baby Jesuses  
Laserpeople  
The Royal Federation of Masonic Kickballers Pro Tem  
The My Baby's Dead   
The Feets  
You Will End In DeFeet  
The Defeetists  
The Death Rock Babies  
The Evenflows  
Swollen Tony  
Hate Makes Waste  
Combat Bear 2000  
Apple Eats Girl  
The Sure-Fire Surefires  
Man eats 47 cheese sandwiches in 10 min  
The Alternative Mothers  
MUSA Gun Done  
Vacation to Winsterdam  
The Inserts  
The Audiomagazines  
Let's Play One   
Seize the Play  
The Snugglers  
The Fancy Rays  
The Hellions  
Tush Must Rust  
Quarter for the Bus  
Five Run Rally  
Laugh Last Inning  
The Ballistics  
The Cutest  
Tightrope Wider  
Innovative  
George Will Ferrell  
Al Gore Vidals  
Puerto Rican Not Mexican Bitch  
Sponsored by Wal-Mart  
Soccer and Baseball  
We'll Kick a Ball But Still We Won't Play Soccer  
The Believers   
The Roth IRAs  
The GOP Machine  
The Ballotstuffers  
The Radio Cures  
The Primers  
The For Three Weeks in July We Will Fall In Love  
The Play Divorcees  
The Mercy Rule  
The Racial Stereotypes  
The Milk, Potatoes, Bread, Some Fruits  
The My Grocery List Tonights  
Let's Go Home  
The I Know It's Been a Long Time But I'm Still In Love With You  
The Don't Do Me Like Thats  
The Kick Ball Players

The Kick Ball Team  
The Team For Kickball  
O'Doyle Rules  
Knuckle Sandwich  
Delusions of Grandeur  
Oh Yeah? Well You're Ugly.  
Greasy Spoons  
Sore Losers  
Tes Tickles  
Ugly Ducklings  
Pants on Fire  
Mud Muffins  
Sugar Dumplings  
Grease Lightnin'  
The Forgettables  
Not-Afraid-to-Cheat-ers  
Group of People Having Fun  
The Poets Don't You Know Its  
The Fanny Mae Foundation  
The Boastonians  
The Unmarked Helicopters  
The I'm Skipping Dodgeball For This  
The Beauty Without  
Always Captains  
Seriously, That Nelly Furtado Has Got Some Fresh Beats  
The Good News Bears (re: Jesus)  
The Tendencies  
The Dominatiacs  
The WINdustries  
We Guarantee Victory in Game Two  
Pro-Semites  
I Just Threw Up In My Mouth A Little  
Funny and Rude  
Ketchup With A Kick  
Remember What It's Like To Touch Someone New For The First Time? And Then To  
Touch Them Again? Wow, Now That's Life.  
Kickbase  
Fatz Dominoz  
The Narms  
Chores d'¦uvre  
The athletic beagles  
3 cheers for Randall  
Olives and rust   
My nalgene bottle is actually full of beer  
the Kickers   
The Devil vs Richard Nixon  
Killbot death army   
The Sanitation Commissioners  
Run Ronnie Run!  
Doogie Houser, MD  
The Hall Monitors  
Mark Kennedy is a big fat jerk  
The Harry Potters  
The Jackolopes  
Peter Brady  
Death from above  
612-kickass

